hi I'm Lonnie Paris dear the director of
the kill zone 24 D bullet experience
Gorillaz Sony and Deutsche brought me
onto this project to help develop the
story camera and action for the peace we
focus on Narvel the Helgen forces are
hitting them hard and they need to
Narvel sees an opportunity to turn the
tide and fires five shots which need to
connect so they can advance we open with
in novels I the gorilla team
incorporated super high-res models and
reflection maps to put us directly in
the sight of the gun as the camera pulls
back we zoom out and rack focus to the
background
we cut behind the bullet to get a good
look at where we are headed I call this
the Star Destroyer shot as the bullet
coming in overhead reminds me of the
Star Destroyer from Star Wars from here
we see another is a soldier in front of
us who has just been hit by a Helghan
gun but this is my favorite shot the
Helghan we just saw knocking the soldier
down in the previous is now bearing
right down upon us looking us right in
the eye
here as the bullet comes closer we rack
focus to the reflection where we see the
distorted Helghan heavy Ridley Scott
raised poor through the background as
fine debris Falls
in the puddle we find the foot of the
falling XO in the reflection the Helgen
heavy blasts away
here we lead the bullets into a
structure where we see the first couple
do their job taking this building out
this is a very cool part of the gameplay
now we follow the bullets through the
columns as they crumble I love passing
through the debris and dust in the
distance you get a first look at where
we are headed red eyes glow in the dark
in the final shot we dive with the hero
bullet into the dark we overtake the
bullet and a few henchmen to reach the
mark a helgin leader backlit with
cinematic shadows making him seem twice
as big and menacing we fly right into
the eye knowing full well our bullet is
right behind us it was a pleasure to be
invited to play